Changes to Org Browser Behavior (#3941)
forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode: docs/_articles/en/user-guide/org-browser.md

> ## Opening the Org Browser

Reviewer: In the second intro sentence (not specifically changing in this draft), I suggest spelling out Developer Edition org, instead of "dev orgs".

8. Retrieve source for all components of metadata type
9. Retrieve source for metadata component and open it in VS Code

> To open the Org Browser, click the cloud icon in the sidebar of the VS Code window **(1)**. If you don't see the icon, make sure your [default org](./en/user-guide/default-org/) is set to a non-scratch org.

Reviewer: @smaddox-sf @AnanyaJha  - what about sandboxes with source tracking enabled? does that work? Wondering if it's the fact that it's a scratch org - or if it's source tracking that isn't copacetic with Org Browser.

Reviewer: Oh boy, @sbudhirajadoc - Pandora's box alert. Looking at VS Code docs, I suspected that they spelled "side bar" as two words - and that's why our docs have used that convention. But looking at their UI topic, that left panel is called the Activity Bar. The bottom of the screen is the Side Bar (but seriously, shouldn't it be bottom bar, heh) I do think we should follow suit to avoid confusion. https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/userinterface

Reviewer: Apologies for not noticing this sooner.

Author: > @smaddox-sf @AnanyaJha - what about sandboxes with source tracking enabled? does that work? Wondering if it's the fact that it's a scratch org - or if it's source tracking that isn't copacetic with Org Browser.

On it. I'll fix this. This text should have been updated already. I have covered this with Stephanie in a recent Code Builder related discussion only recently.

> To open the Org Browser, click the cloud icon in the sidebar of the VS Code window **(1)**. If you don't see the icon, make sure your [default org](./en/user-guide/default-org/) is set to a non-scratch org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To open the Org Browser, click the cloud icon in the Activity Bar of the VS Code window **(1)**. If you don't see the icon, make sure your [default org](./en/user-guide/default-org/) is set to a non-scratch org.
```

> When you open the Org Browser, all the metadata for the default org is saved in your local project under the .sfdx directory to minimize the number of calls to the org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you open the Org Browser, all the metadata for the default org is saved in your local project under the `.sfdx` directory to minimize the number of calls to the org.
```

You can refresh metadata at org level, for a type, for folders in a type, and for components in a folder. Click refresh icon next to:

- Org Browser **(2)** to refresh available metadata types in the org
- Metadata type **(6)** to get an updated list of components for the type
- Folder metadata type to update the folders in the type, but not the components in the folder
- Folder in a metadata type to refresh the components in it

![Metadata type with folders](../../../images/org_browser_folder_ret.png)

## Retrieving Metadata

You can retrieve a single metadata component or all components of the same type. Click retrieve icon next to:

- Component name **(7)** to retrieve a component to your local project
- Metadata type **(8)** to retrieve all components of the type

> You can retrieve all folders of folder metadata types such as Reports, Dashboards, Documents, and EmailTemplates, by clicking on the retrieve icon next to the metadata type. When you retrieve a folder, only information about the folder is retrieved  and added to a <folder>-meta.xml file. To retrieve components within folders, view the components in a folder by expanding it and then retrieve the individual component by clicking the retrieve icon. 

Reviewer: Something to think about moving forward - and I didn't catch this here but did above for .sfdx. File names are supposed to be in <filepath>, so I'm thinking it should be `<folder.-meta.xml`

> Currently, the source is retrieved into your default package directory as defined in the [sfdx-project.json](./en/getting-started/first-project#the-sfdx-projectjson-file) file.

Reviewer: so, sfdx-project.json should be in courier - so would you put the back ticks within the braces? [`sfdx-project.json`] ??

- folder metadata type to update the folders in the type, but not the components in the folder
- folder in a metadata type to refresh the components in it

![Metadata type with folders](../../../images/org_browser_folder_ret.png)

## Retrieving Metadata

You can retrieve a single metadata component or all components of the same type. Click retrieve icon next to:

- component name **(7)** to retrieve a component to your local project
- metadata type **(8)** to retrieve all components of the type

You can retrieve all folders of folder metadata types such as Reports, Dashboards, Documents, and EmailTemplates, by clicking on the retrieve icon next to the metadata type. When you retrieve a folder, only information about the folder is retrieved  and added to a <folder>-meta.xml file. To retrieve components within folders, view the components in a folder by expanding it and then retrieve the individual component by clicking the retrieve icon. 

Currently, the source is retrieved into your default package directory as defined in the [sfdx-project.json](./en/getting-started/first-project#the-sfdx-projectjson-file) file.

> You can also retrieve multiple components from the default org by clicking the retrieve button next to the metadata type. If retrieving a component overwrites it, you'll be prompted to select how to proceed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also retrieve multiple components from the default org by clicking the retrieve button next to the metadata type. If retrieving a component overwrites it, you're prompted to select how to proceed.
```

![Overwrite components](../../../images/overwrite-prompt.png)

> When you retrieve components for a metadata type, the Org Browser automatically refreshes the component list for the selected type and then retrieves them. This ensures that the extensions accurately check the local workspace for existing components.

Reviewer: For localization reasons and for ensuring clarity regarding the antecedent, not supposed to use "This" without a noun. like: This action ensures... or Org Browser ensures that the ...

Reviewer: Is the sentence that follows supposed to be a note?

Author: > Is the sentence that follows supposed to be a note?

It should be a note. Making it so.
